# Changelog

## 0.9.0 - 2024-03-12

* Reorganize flow finish handling. Instead of specifying flow finish handler along with the target FlowNodes must now explicitly handle finish events which are sent by the child flows. Child finish event request classes are generated by the library. See sample project for examples
* Add preliminary support for `AbsoluteTarget`s. A helpers for generating such targets will be added in the next release, after testing

## 0.8.11 - 2024-02-21

* Remove explicit Schema parameter from NavigationService. It is now a public property of `NodeBuilder`
* Fix issues with EnqueueEvent which was not always working

## 0.8.10 - 2023-11-01

* Fix issue with incorrect target resolution. Make code generator to generate segments having have a unique id (internally)

## 0.8.9 - 2023-10-16

* Fix issue with incorrect target resolution. Make code generator to generate segments having have a unique id (internally)

## 0.8.8 - 2023-10-05

* Add `Path.endsWith(other: Path)`
* Rename `onFinish` → `onFinishRequest`
* Fix issue which caused publishing jar to include code generated for tests

## 0.8.7 - 2023-09-12

* Update to kotlin 1.9.10 
* Update `way-compose` to Compose 1.5.1

## 0.8.6 - 2023-08-10

* Generated NodeBuilders now have an improved caching mechanism which is coupled with the correct cache invalidation: no more create-once-use-forever child nodes
* Fixed few bugs with Stay transition

## 0.8.5 - 2023-08-01

* Generated node builder factories now have an argument corresponding to the flow parameter (if any)

## 0.8.4 - 2023-06-28

* Improve NodeHost: optional starting, make utility functions public. This will aid in cases where one wishes to build their own NodeHost

## 0.8.3 - 2023-05-03

* Add support for kotlin-jvm projects to gradle plugin
* Rename `NodeFactory.createFlowNode()` to `NodeFactory.createRootNode()`

## 0.8.2 - 2023-03-07

* Add support for extending nodes through composition: provide `NodeExtensions` mechanism
* Add basic support for animated transitions in `NodeHost` for `way-compose` 
* Implement node hooks as one of `NodeExtension`s. Use `BaseFlowNode`, `BaseScreenNode` classes to take advantage of node hooks 
* Remove excessive logging in `way-gradle-plugin`

## 0.8.1 - 2023-03-01

* Fix issues with running `testDebugUnitTest` in consuming projects. Source sets were incorrectly set up by `way-gradle-plugin` for android projects.


## 0.8.0 - 2023-02-28

* Initial release

